[clang] Implement constexpr support for __builtin_popcountg (#84318)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

- ``__builtin_addc``, ``__builtin_subc``, and the other sizes of those
  builtins are now constexpr and may be used in constant expressions.

> - Added ``__builtin_popcountg`` as a type-generic alternative to
>   ``__builtin_popcount{,l,ll}`` with support for any unsigned integer type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``__builtin_popcountg``, a type-generic alternative to
  ``__builtin_popcount{,l,ll}`` with support for any unsigned integer type, is
  now constexpr and may be used in constant expressions.
```

Reviewer: `__builtin_popcountg` already existed; the change is that it’s now constexpr.

Author: There was no release note for `__builtin_popcountg` at all yet. See https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project/pull/82359.

Reviewer: I see how it is. In that case I’d mention both that it was added and that it’s constexpr.
